feat(manager/dockerfile): match Containerfile (#20804)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/manager/dockerfile/readme.md

> Extracts all parent images in a `Dockerfile` and/or `Containerfile`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extracts image references in a `Dockerfile` and/or `Containerfile`.
```

Renovate's managers does not understand versioning, that's up to Renovate's versioning modules.

> The default container images versioning for container images datasources treats suffixes as "compatibility", for example: `-alpine`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default `docker` versioning for container image datasources treats suffixes as "compatibility", for example: `-alpine`.
```
